feat(epp): add p2p-source-producer for P2P prefix pulls (#1924)
llm-d/llm-d-inference-scheduler: pkg/epp/framework/plugins/requestcontrol/dataproducer/p2psource/README.md

# P2P Source Producer Plugin

**Type:** `p2p-source-producer`

Sets the `x-kv-cache-source-host-port` header to the endpoint holding the most cached prompt prefix, so the routing sidecar can pull those blocks over the P2P connector instead of recomputing them. Runs in the request handling's `DataProducer` phase before scheduling, then emits the header in `PreRequest` after the scheduling decision.

For each request the plugin consumes the per-endpoint `PrefixCacheMatchInfo` produced by a prefix-cache producer (`approx-prefix-cache-producer` or `precise-prefix-cache-producer`), finds the candidate endpoint caching the most prompt tokens, and stashes it on the request. After scheduling it compares that best-match peer against the pod that will compute the prefix — the `prefill` profile target under P/D disaggregation, otherwise the primary target — and sets the header only when the peer out-caches the computing pod by at least `minCachedTokenDelta` tokens. Any inbound value of the header is removed. When no peer out-caches the computing pod, the request proceeds unchanged.

**Parameters:**

> - `prefixMatchInfoProducerName` (string, optional): Name of the prefix-cache producer whose `PrefixCacheMatchInfo` to consume. Defaults to the default (unnamed) prefix-cache producer; set it to a named producer such as `precise-prefix-cache-producer` when using a non-default one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `prefixMatchInfoProducerName` (string, optional): Name of the prefix-cache producer instance to consume `PrefixCacheMatchInfo` from, e.g. `precise-prefix-cache-producer`. Empty selects the default (unnamed) producer.
```

Author: Applied.

> - `minCachedTokenDelta` (int, optional, default: `1`): Minimum number of cached prompt tokens the best peer must hold beyond the computing pod for the header to be set. Must be `>= 1`. Higher values suppress pulls of short prefixes that are cheap to recompute.

Reviewer: IMO we should follow-up on a long-term effort of automatic profiling and tuning here. Profiling keeps coming up in tuning of several plugins, perhaps we can start pushing on this more actively (cc @hickeyma @kaushikmitr).

Author: Agree — `minCachedTokenDelta` is hand-tuned today, so a profiling/auto-tune pass would subsume it (and the similar thresholds across plugins). Out of scope for this PR; happy to open a follow-up issue to track the broader effort.

Author: Opened #1943 to track this.
